Add `mesh-with-agent` feature for deploy agent service in service mesh (#90)
apache/skywalking-showcase: docs/readme.md

| `mysql`               | Start a MySQL server and load generator to execute the sample SQLs periodically, set up fluent bit to fetch slow logs and export to OAP, and export their metrics to SkyWalking.                                        |                                                                                                                                       |
| `postgresql`          | Start a PostgreSQL server, and load generator to execute the sample SQLs periodically, set up fluent bit to fetch slow logs and export to OAP, and export their metrics to SkyWalking.                                  |                                                                                                                                       |
| `apisix-monitor`      | Deploy OpenTelemetry and export APISIX metrics to SkyWalking for analysis and display on UI                               |                                                                                                                                       |

> | `mesh-with-agent`     | Deploy services with java agent in the service mesh environment. | OnlySupport deployment in the Kubernetes environment, docker is not supported.|

Reviewer: So, we are going to use this in the demo?

What does this look like? Could you share?

Author: > So, we are going to use this in the demo?
Yes.
>What does this look like? Could you share?
It's generally same as the current demo environment, you could try on this address: http://34.81.178.71:8080/
I have replaced the `java-agent-injector` and `als` features with the `mesh-with-agent`.

Reviewer: Could we update the group name in the mesh from `agentless` to `mesh-svr`?

Author: I have updated the config and test address, please take a look. :)

> | `mesh-with-agent`     | Deploy services with java agent in the service mesh environment. | OnlySupport deployment in the Kubernetes environment, docker is not supported.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `mesh-with-agent`     | Deploy services with java agent in the service mesh environment. | Only support deployment in the Kubernetes environment, docker is not supported.|
```

> | `mesh-with-agent`     | Deploy services with java agent in the service mesh environment. | Only Support deployment in the Kubernetes environment, docker is not supported.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `mesh-with-agent`     | Deploy services with java agent in the service mesh environment. | Only support deployment in the Kubernetes environment, docker is not supported.|
```
